Feature/forms (#241)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/additional-libraries/forms.md

---
id: forms
title: Eightshift Forms
---

[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/infinum/eightshift-forms.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-forms)

> This plugin is made on our Eightshift Boilerplate. It lets you create a cool-looking form using our custom block and much more. We implemented a bunch of integrations and all sorts of cool stuff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin is based on Eightshift Boilerplate. It lets you create a cool-looking forms using custom blocks and much more. We implemented a bunch of integrations and all sorts of cool stuff.
```
